After Project Three, I was feeling a bit discouraged. My teammates made some heroic efforts, and I worked hard, but I definitely felt like there is a consistent gap between the vision I have in my head of what my code can be and what I am capable of actually writing at this early stage. It reminds me of first learning to draw, or play guitar, or write fiction - you have a vision in your mind but you lack the skills to turn that vision into something real in front of you. Your reach exceeds your grasp, and you get frustrated. At least, I do.

And I started to have doubts. Maybe I'm not as cut out for this as I thought. Maybe I don't actually like coding. Maybe the thought of doing this for 20-30-more years makes me want to go become a professional Harmonica player. Maybe I just suck at everything after all. Okay, so I only entertained that last thought for maybe five seconds, but those were a long five seconds.

So I decided to go back to the beginning. To the reason I got into this line of work in the first place. Because I really enjoy making shit. The feeling of sitting back and looking at something that wasn't there when you started and saying "I did that thing, and it's pretty cool." It's something that can't be bought or stolen. I needed a hit of that feeling, so I decided to spend Friday evening building something simple and whimsical that would put a smile on my face. And maybe someone else's face too. And do it with the fewest possible lines of code.

This is what I came up with. I hope it makes you smile, even just a little.
